Guys welcome back.
So now I'm going to work on putting some text next to this album artwork part now.
So the way we do that is pretty simple.
Go back to our indexable BHP page inside of this.
Now Playing left div guys out of the content parr's well and just underneath our link there just underneath
that span element is where were going to put the text.
So underneath there we can just say div revenues but class equals track info.
Dictionaries contain information about the track that's playing pin in their Wisco say span and this
is going to be glass.
He calls track name by that.
Right.
And in one more span in there just an empty span for an answer.
But that got the in place that.
Below like that so we have those two in a row.
But change this track name class to artist's name right inside these spans being just put some text
for to it.
Is this the name of the song so is Kobe.
Happy birthday.
And then my name is the artist.
Okay.
Just so you can see what we have on the screen and you can actually see it right there.
It's just the wrong colour.
So Alex actually style this.
So Claire come inspect alone on those and then find they're the new elements we added you right here.
So the versing very well indeed make it so that we can see this text.
But what I realized what we also didn't do a point is say a default font style so you can see that this
font isn't very good right now.
So we know better or C S S file and are going to create a default style for our text croston whole Web
site.
So put the star which means all so this style and apply to all attributes.
Now everything and we won't put a font family in there and fund families how you specify which fund
to use.
And we do a quick Google search for font family.
So fund family Cisco ebtekar like that font family of Attica State the top link.
And you can just take this part right here.
So the reason I've just searched for this is because it will provide some very good backup fonts that
are used.
If this run can be found.
So if a browser didn't support this fonthill Try that font and if it can't do that when you try that
fine.
So just copy and paste that into our code so copy that and paste it into are all style right there.
So that means you save that I'll show you if that means that when we refresh this page you'll see that
this font styles change like that.
And he even has fun here for these numbers.
So already that was lower better.
So because the specifier default colour Frank text on our website by saying colour their first half
which is white right now if you're fresh debate should see Texaco white.
So right now we've specified that if we don't say otherwise all text on our website is going to use
this.
So now we've done indeed far we can scroll down and override this if you want to.
So inspect aliment on the track name before we do that we're not going to track info Dave.
So go to the track info part and when give this a style of display table.
And this just means that this trackin faux pas will behave like it's a table element.
So is one of these table estimate elements.
And if you haven't used those before I do suggest looking into those as well.
And since this is an aid intro to Asia e-mail course I'm not going to go into a whole lot of detail
about those about each acor element in this course because it slows things down for people who have
seen it.
So if you do need to see those you ask me a question or you can just search online because there's tons
of good resources to learn about different astm elopements so display table is fine for that so tracking
up display it will do it here and for track info display table.
And let's go to the track name span right here.
And this style this.
So we have starboard you know margin of six pixels on top and bottom and zero on left and right.
So there are a margin on top and bottom of six pixels but nothing on the left and right.
So display in line BLOCK So this means you'll behave like an inline element but also a block element.
So example of an in limit.
So an example of an inline ellerman is a span an example of a block element is a P tag.
The paragraph tag.
So underneath that just pure width 100 percent like that and you'll see that now we have a text on different
lines.
So that's good now.
Copy and paste that go and then go and put it into your C as s.a.g.
So now playing left.
Track in info track name by that than pay sign there say we could really specify this now playing left
above this.
It's always better if you specify the selectors in as much detail as you can because it means you are
less likely to accidentally override something in future.
So this would work.
But this also works.
It just is just better if you add more detail to it so it doesn't really matter too much but it is a
good habit to get into.
So this right here would work just as well.
But we're going to specify in detail save that.
The last thing to do is just give this gift from style to the artist name.
So go down to the artist named Dave spann Sari's an idea it's a span and I believe this is only going
to have two things which to specify as a font size to make it slightly smaller 10 pixels 11 12 lascaux
12 pixels and then colour.
Just be this grey that was used a 0 8 0 8 0 which because Ed is this great colour right here.
And I just realize we need to actually apply this to the span below so cobbin base out you can't see
anything yet.
It used to go to Español element underneath so paste in there and you see it change colour.
Okay.
So that's it.
Take those two styles that we just did.
Go back to here and then we going to say now playing left.
Track info artsiest name and inspan.
By that baseline there and that's it.
And like I said you don't actually have to go into this much detail you could even leave track in four
hours or something.
But the more detail you're into the less likely you are to accidentally overwrite something.
So refresh the air and you hopefully see exactly the same style applied.
Okay.